---
draft: false
layout: episode
show: dispatch
title: Willful Ignorance
number: 110
date: '2015-08-27'
assets:
  - content_type: audio/x-m4a
    format: m4a
    filename: dispatch_110.m4a
  - content_type: audio/ogg
    format: ogg
    filename: dispatch_110.ogg
description: >-
  With the sum of human knowledge at our fingertips, why does ignorance continue
  to perpetuate itself? We ask not as academics, but as pragmatists: when
  answers are merely a click away, why do some individuals choose to be
  unlearned?
---
With the sum of human knowledge at our fingertips, why does ignorance continue to perpetuate itself? We ask not as academics, but as pragmatists: when answers are merely a click away, why do some individuals choose to be unlearned?

I'm sure we've all encountered people like this before. The question you asked wasn't overly complex, didn't require specialized knowledge, nor critical reasoning &mdash; and yet, you were met with indifference, or worse, demands to lower the standard of discussion. If this is how everyone behaved, our civilization would've remained stagnant; where life as we know it was only a dream of intellectual outliers. Here at Dispatch, we're thankful for those dreamers, renegades, and investigators who pushed us this far &mdash; but don't be fooled by the illusion of safety &mdash; ambivalence can still creep in and stop us dead.

This hour is dedicated to exploring the mindset of anyone who fights the tide of progress, but they aren't our friends. They're the naysayers, detractors from the joy we're capable of experiencing. Let's try to understand them, and if we can't, we will ignore them. Plus, we share an explosive expose that targets one of [America's most powerful (and dangerous) lobbies](http://www.slate.com/articles/life/education/2015/08/home_school_legal_defense_association_how_a_home_schooling_group_fights.single.html). This organization has played an important part in covering up many instances of child abuse, all in the name of the afflicted and their education.

This show is a stick of dynamite attached to a powder keg. It's radio, at it's realest. If you're ready for a dose of truth, press play now.