---
draft: true
layout: episode
show: dispatch
title: Bees and Bicycles
number: 15
date: '2013-10-14'
assets:
  - content_type: audio/x-m4a
    format: m4a
    filename: dispatch_15.m4a
  - content_type: audio/ogg
    format: ogg
    filename: dispatch_15.ogg
---
Insects, two-wheeled transportation methods, and business savvy are our core topics on this episode of Dispatch. Joshua and Nicholas are joined in-studio by [Jana Kinsman](http://www.janakinsman.com), a prominent Chicago graphic artist, and founder of the revolutionary beekeeping program and honey distributor, Bike-a-Bee. (She also designed a kickass logo for this network, but that's not why she's here.)

In 2012, Kinsman took her rebellious idea for urban beekeeping to the people, and the project was quickly funded on Kickstarter. Though her first harvest was slim, she continued and this year, collected a bumper crop of delicious honey.

In this episode, Jana details her struggle with Bike-a-Bee's bookkeeping and other business elements. Bridging the gap between an artistic pursuit and the financial components that a growing business requires can be difficult for some, but she tackles it with ease thanks to her intern, Abby.

### Guests

**Jana Kinsman**

Jana Kinsman is a graphic designer, beekeeper, and illustrator living in Chicago. Her work has been featured by _Crate and Barrel_, and is 1/5 of _Quite Strong_, a prominent female design collective.

Outside of her work with Bike-a-Bee and Quite Strong, you'll find her at various events with [_Doodlebooth_](http://doodlebooth.me), a mobile, hand-drawn portraiture service.