---
draft: true
layout: episode
show: dispatch
title: Don't Get Comfortable
number: 58
date: 2014-08-18T14:21:10.013Z
updated_at: 2014-08-18T15:19:40.594Z
assets:
  - content_type: audio/x-m4a
    format: m4a
    filename: dispatch_58.m4a
  - content_type: audio/ogg
    format: ogg
    filename: dispatch_58.ogg
---
Neither of your hosts are comfortable, and nor should they be. Comfort, as we know, is the enemy of progress. Only those who are willing to sacrifice it will achieve greatness in the creative arts.

This week on Dispatch, we present a round-up of events to come: Nicholas is recording two podcasts on the same day, each in a different genre. [Show Me Your Mic](http://goodstuff.fm/smym/46) is a program where podcasters discuss the principals and practices behind their work. On episode 46, host [Chris Enns](http://twitter.com/iChris) is joined by Nicholas to discuss [The Machine Network](http://machine.fm) and more. The second taping is for [Making New Friends](http://peachesandhotsauce.com/category/podcasts/making-new-friends), an improv comedy extravaganza hosted by Patrick O'Rourke. This is where our discomfort begins: we're anything but comedians.

Is persistent discomfort what all artists ask for? In a way, yes. If you're to become a true artist, or at least a successful one, you must think outside the box. If the purpose of your art is to inspire and educate, the nobleness of your goal demands it.

Plus, we dive behind the scenes and chat about some of the technical hurdles we've had to overcome, as our audience grows. If you're listening to this, we owe you the best quality programming possible. Know that we're always striving for gold, though it's sometimes difficult to achieve.

Are you ready to improve your life and work? Then press play.