---
draft: true
layout: episode
show: dispatch
title: Tribes
number: 60
date: 2014-09-01T16:30:29.895Z
updated_at: 2014-09-02T00:30:55.856Z
assets:
  - content_type: audio/x-m4a
    format: m4a
    filename: dispatch_60.m4a
  - content_type: audio/ogg
    format: ogg
    filename: dispatch_60.ogg
---
Every artist has their fans, even if they don't know about them. In this disconnected world, artists must recognize their audience and tend it, just like marketing professionals have done for years. If you doubt, consider this: the patron model, which once financed creative work though funds procured by kings and church officials, is dead. A few patrons have been replaced by a thousand. Kickstarter is alive. Your life as a creator is different now.

But even as old models of supporting your art die, millions of new (some would say improved) opportunities are being birthed. You can benefit from them,  if you're ready. The question is, are you?

Today, Joshua and Nicholas are joined by graphic designer and painter [Brad Blackman](http://bradblackman.com), who made a unique point in his recent blog entry, *[Tribes](http://bradblackman.com/tribes)*. The term, popularized by author and business coach Seth Godin is well known among business professionals. It conjures visions of a captive audience who is ready to receive and publicize your work. Building and maintaining your Tribe is another story: it's hard work, and not for the faint of heart. 

In this episode, how you can harness your in-person and online presence to grow your financials, influence, and more. Don't be afraid of that "b" word anymore. Learn how to do business right. 